[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you're new here my name is
olivia Jarvis I am literally so excited
right now
today's video is so exciting it is do
you either new releases - flex so yet do
you even have brought out a new line I
think they've got six different colors
and they're all like bloc colors and
I've never actually had anything from
them before so this is like quite new
for me and I literally tried a pair on a
week ago when they all arrived and I
felt like why have I not ordered
anything from this brand before like
Jesus very insane instantly so impressed
with the quality and how flattering they
were like they really really do bits so
I haven't actually tried the rest of the
colors on I just tried on the leggings
and then I just paired it with a white
top you might have seen them at
Instagram but I will insert that here
and I think that looks really nice with
the White Sox and the white top I worked
out in that set that day I literally
felt so good in the gym
I thought really confident and I just
loved them I did want to like try them
out for myself properly because
obviously I've never bought anything
from the brand so I didn't want to do a
review and then then not be like squat
proof or like sweat proof because I hate
when that happens when things answer up
people ever if you're spending good
money on gym where you want it to be
good quality as well you know I'm going
to show you in a second like the
different colors but completely it's
white proof
squat proof and camel toe proof like can
you believe that
camel toe brief as well or I definitely
struggle in gym wear and I've kind of it
just started to accept that and I hope
because I have struggled for so long and
I just feel like a lot of gym wonders
you know you do camel toe the ones that
were all over my Instagram in informed
brown and one thing I really like about
this brand is all their colors are
really individual and it's just
refreshing as well sometimes see it
comunitaria cute little packaging I
haven't tried the crop Sonia actually
but first impressions are they're quite
thick straps so I feel like this is
going to be more of a supportive bra
I've got loads of detailing in like wow
I'm going to start the leg in this world
I had so much detailing detailing that
all around the boob area so I think
these would be really nice but this
feels
really
dirty and like really good fabric I
definitely not not that cheap kind of
fabric that doesn't really nice and I do
like at the neckline as well I think
that actually really lovely and this
color as well I like it is just it's
like a toffee kind of form brown away
that'd be the right way to describe it
but that's what I would let me know if
you have seen anything similar to this
because I definitely haven't with its
hand as well yes and this has got
removable pads that I can see as well
woven microfiber that sounds fancy and
then I've just opened the more purple
color and at you fall off they sent to
the same thing because wow they look
really quite similar this is a bit more
like a toffee color and style just
different colors this is just like a bit
more of like a lighter softer kind of
purple which is really lovely it would I
don't think it would quite go and like
the form Brown so you know I was
thinking orange only need to get one in
there like different leggings but now it
wouldn't really go the form Brown I
don't think the purple so yes I think
that's really nice and I like that I
really like their logo it's really
classy and I have seen that rounder out
like around for quite a while just
haven't ordered anything these are the
more purple leggings and wow they
literally just feel so and I literally I
just recently got a sofa and my soul
feels like this really is its reminder
move my sofa it's just the waistband
that looks really quite sturdy and
probably similar ish to the gym shot and
they've got some contouring on the bum I
can see as well like the contouring to
higher up which could be more flattering
and they've got like some more
contouring down here on the ankle as
well do logos on the leggings so one
here and then lastly
oh wow oh this is so gorgeous this is
the earth red color this just makes you
pop it's not quite you know that bright
red.if I'll be happy to work so again
you've got that top finish if you know I
mean and I've definitely I don't
anything that's this color as well I
like this color red and this is gonna
look gorgeous on and to be fair I think
this would suit sort of different skin
tones - I think this would suit like
lighter as well as darker girls weather
has been so
so literally I put my washing out ten
minutes going it's sunny a second ago it
was I've been getting rudely interrupted
by the hailstones it's literally like
hot and cold and then these are the
leggings this will go really nice with
white and imagine like crisp white
trainers with these all of these colors
I don't know which would be my favorite
right now I feel like it is between this
and the Fallen Brown you can just tear
these with loads of different tops as
well
really fresh I do quite like block
colors as well I did really like they're
you know they're two-tone range that
they had before and I'm now gonna try
all of this on do you let me know what
you think and which is your favorite in
the comments down below and I'm really
intrigued because I cut inside right now
which is my favorite color so here is
brown leggings
it's got like quite an ultra thick
waistband so it's quite compact around
here these are opens up and walked in
the gym and squat proof but I found the
really flattering on the bum area I
really really liked it I love like the
extra quad contour line this is the
sports bra up close some more like
contouring around really super super
supportive like nothing isn't even any
less actually I personally quite like
this more like more dainty kind of
sports bras a decent is still really
nice and stylish here's the back which
is just like a traditional Razorback
really light about this color what
you're just never gonna see any sweat
and the armpit aren't like too high up
here I have tried you in the past but
too tight around here and it literally
gives you like belly weight I am lying
as I've got a size small and absolutely
everything and this size fits me really
really well so this is the purple
against the Fallen Brown now you can see
the obviously a different color you
could probably wear them together but I
personally I don't care would I don't
think there's any point getting like
both the colors if that makes sense
because honey there's like six of the
colors that you could go from they've
got like charcoal gray everything this
is the purple hyperflex legging
okay I have all this one so you can see
how much it lighten it you in and give
you that's a snatched waste look all
these colors so like my style as well
you don't perfect color for summer too
and they just do feel it's so
comfortable and lightweight
I definitely feel comfortable doing that
hit workout in these I really like high
impacts that and I see the superfun give
you a closer look as I'm right in the
life here I can this purple color you
can like particularly see the seamless
contouring more and the white stands out
and what I think lighter colors would
just work so well with it I think this
is my favorite so this is the color red
and why I just love it I feel like it
really makes your it's just so gorgeous
not had it's like an in-between kind of
like pinky burgundy like light pink
think it is a super super flattering set
and you're just gonna feel amazing in
this there's just nothing better that
you know you don't minted you in a while
then might get in your self-motivated
with need you might brush it asked my
holiness or felt a bit like podgy and
just a bit you know just like bloated
and stuff I will be in the fat and I've
genuinely felt so good I think this is
just such a complementary color no camel
toe
[ __ ] completely like completely squat
proof there's that quad detailing and on
here Lots pride just up close and it
does give you like its hang it a little
bit of cleavage going on but yeah just
super super supportive but this is
definitely a good brighter if you're
doing cardio or literally like hit
anything I think this to be a really
really good set to workout in and I'm
definitely reward of some of the other
colors after trying these on these sets
or release on 30th April and I'm
definitely gonna order some of the other
colors I'm literally so happy and please
do these first impressions that have
been so good and just more importantly
I'm so impressed that they're squat
proof sweat proof and no camel toe I
hope you enjoyed watching the video just
as much I enjoyed doing it and if you
haven't already ad really appreciate it
if you subscribe to my channel and gave
the video a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys in the next one